POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 7132
average 7069
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 7056
average 7001
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 7012
average 6947
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 7054
average 6986
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 7090
average 7010
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 7127
average 7016
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 7040
average 6981
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 7084
average 6994
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 6981
average 6945
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 7116
average 7064
