POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3427
average 3263
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3360
average 3254
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3392
average 3262
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3394
average 3262
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3399
average 3257
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3381
average 3256
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3391
average 3255
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3367
average 3258
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3396
average 3258
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3361
average 3258
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3422
average 3262
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3384
average 3259
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3384
average 3255
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3360
average 3260
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3394
average 3262
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3359
average 3251
POP_SIZE400
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.02
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: true
fitness 3359
average 3252
