POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 355
average 352
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 349
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 347
average 345
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 349
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 96
average 94
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 348
average 345
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 358
average 356
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 343
average 341
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 349
average 347
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 358
average 345
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 349
average 347
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 355
average 351
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 349
average 343
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 349
average 342
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 358
average 357
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 353
average 349
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 349
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 348
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 347
average 344
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 349
average 347
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 353
average 350
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 96
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 357
average 343
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 357
average 356
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 353
average 351
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 353
average 347
POP_SIZE30
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
