POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 353
average 350
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 347
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 354
average 351
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 352
average 350
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 349
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 339
average 337
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 356
average 353
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 352
average 350
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 347
average 345
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 349
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 349
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 357
average 296
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 352
average 350
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 348
average 345
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 350
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 345
average 343
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 349
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 358
average 352
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 350
average 348
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 355
average 353
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 357
average 347
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 357
average 351
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 348
average 341
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 352
average 351
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 350
