POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 95
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 97
average 93
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 92
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 95
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 95
average 93
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 96
average 95
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 93
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 96
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 96
average 92
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 94
average 93
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: False
fitness 98
average 96
