POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 71
average 63
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 73
average 64
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 71
average 62
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 75
average 66
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 77
average 69
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 75
average 69
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 73
average 66
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 78
average 69
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 72
average 61
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 75
average 66
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 71
average 65
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 75
average 66
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 74
average 69
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 71
average 62
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 73
average 65
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 76
average 68
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 74
average 63
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 72
average 66
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 74
average 66
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 70
average 64
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 76
average 66
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 72
average 63
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 72
average 68
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 72
average 65
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 75
average 66
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 71
average 66
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 74
average 67
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 73
average 64
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 74
average 67
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 71
average 61
POP_SIZE20
CROSSOVER_METHOD:0
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: True
fitness 77
average 69
