POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 96
average 94
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 96
average 94
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 94
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 96
average 94
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 66
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 93
average 92
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 94
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 97
average 95
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 96
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 98
average 97
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 98
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:1
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 99
average 97
