POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 352
average 344
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 352
average 349
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 352
average 350
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 345
average 342
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 355
average 353
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 354
average 352
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 353
average 351
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 353
average 352
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 348
average 346
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 345
average 343
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 354
average 344
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 351
average 344
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 352
average 349
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 349
average 344
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 352
average 345
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 357
average 350
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 347
average 344
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 344
average 338
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 353
average 351
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 350
average 347
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 353
average 350
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 346
average 343
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 345
average 342
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 355
average 353
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 356
average 353
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 356
average 353
POP_SIZE50
CROSSOVER_METHOD:2
MUTATION PROB: 0.01
COVERGED MUTATION PROB: 0.5
CROSSOVER_PROB: 0.5
LOCAL OPTIMIZATION: false
fitness 349
average 343
